you board a small plane
nice you're the only passenger on board
in a few hours you'll be sunbathing on
the beach
tipping something cold and refreshing
but before that happens
you'll face an epic test to see if
you've got the kind of survival skills
you need to survive in the wild
count up your right answers and see what
it all means at the end of the video
you fasten your seatbelt and fall asleep
just before takeoff suddenly
turbulence you wake up from a dream
where you were an
octopus in an earthquake the plane
shaking
your luggage falls out of the overhead
this is serious
you strap on an oxygen mask and notice a
flash of lightning outside
a second later you see another flash but
this time
it's your plane's engine it's on fire
you're falling
the screeching of ripped metal screams
and then darkness
you pass out after a few seconds
you open your eyes and find yourself
falling from the sky
okay get it together you unfasten
yourself from the chair to stop spinning
the first rays of sun appear over the
horizon and down below you see a dense
forest
a green field and a small pond by
stretching out your body
you can change direction you can steer
so
where are you going to land or crash you
have three seconds to decide
the best answer is the forest a fall
into water from that high up would hurt
the same as falling flat on the ground
but tree branches can soften a fall you
plummet into the forest and lose
consciousness
day one awake your whole body aches
fortunately you're not injured and you
can even walk
those branches saved your life yeah this
is a fairy tale
now where to you don't have a map or a
compass
then suddenly you hear the sound of a
river you need to choose a direction
here are the options walk in a straight
line
find some moss on a tree and walk in the
direction it's growing
find the river and walk along it you
have 10 seconds to choose
don't go straight if you don't want to
get lost and walk in circles
navigating by moss yeah i just made that
up to mess with you
you should go along the river it'll lead
to a pond or lake
and there might be people there or a
road or some signs at least
day two you make it to a lake but
there's no sign of civilization
now what maybe head back up the river
along the way you pass out again
you wake up and it's cold so you drink
some river water
and try to make a fire you collect dry
twigs
brush wood birch bark and moss oh
sweet a gas lighter and a piece of paper
in your pocket
what's the best way to start a fire put
the branches in a pile and pour gasoline
on them
put pieces of paper in the branches and
fire them up
make the branches into a triangle place
birch bark under and
light it you have seven seconds and it's
getting
really cold
don't pour that precious gasoline on the
branches it'll burn out too quickly and
those fumes are bad for you
the paper will burn off too fast and the
wood won't catch fire
the triangle of wood will let air pass
through it that's the key
fire and air a match made in heaven
get it match okay day three
you finally get warm drink some water
and continue along the river
uh oh you haven't eaten anything for
three days
gotta get on it you don't know how to
fish so you go into the forest to find
some food
you have a few choices berries yeah they
look delicious and seem pretty juicy
ants mushrooms you have seven
seconds choose wisely
ants are the most delicious and safe
thing around
you just can't eat random berries or
mushrooms they can be poisonous
now how do you get those ants to march
right into your mouth
hey i can't hand you all the answers
day four a big bear is blocking your
path
you shout to scare it away but it just
looks at you
it's not happy and now it's coming your
way
what should you do run as fast as
possible because bears are big and
clumsy
climb the nearest tree and sit up there
till the bear goes away
lie down in a fetal position and stay
absolutely still
you have five seconds to make a choice
and it better be the right one
beers are fast and can climb trees like
they're oversized squirrels
the right decision is to pretend to be
asleep the bear will see that you're not
a threat
and probably will pass you by day five
heavy rain starts to fall you need to
hide under a tree
build shelter and make another fire
which of these three trees should you
hide under
you have seven seconds before you're
soaked to the bone
the tree on the left is rotten and might
crumble at any moment
there's a snake crawling in the tree on
the right venomous or not
it's not worth the risk the tree in the
middle is perfect
day six your stomach starts to rumble
those ants weren't exactly filling you
decide to catch a fish
at all costs you could use a piece of
your clothing as
bait but where can you find a fishing
rope you have 10 seconds for this one
the answer is your shoe laces they
should be enough if you tie them
together
after a long day of fishing you finally
catch one
sushi day seven your journey along the
river continues
up ahead you see that the river splits
into two smaller streams
decision time left or right this could
mean life or
not you have seven seconds to decide
your fate
[Music]
definitely the right stream there are
wolf tracks by the left stream
a pack of hungry wild animals yeah no
thanks
day eight no way you're saved in the
distance
you can just make out the roof of a big
house
you run over and tragedy the house is
totally abandoned and
almost destroyed but you still decide to
go in
in the hallway you see three doors
there's a sign with snakes and spiders
on the first door
the second door also has a sign a pit
with spears
at the bottom the third door has a
lightning bolt sign on it
probably some high voltage stuff going
on in there
which room should you choose i'll give
you 10 seconds for this one
[Music]
go for the third door the house is
abandoned so the power's probably been
out for years
you decide to stay the night rest and
move on in the morning
even though it's super creepy day nine
time to hit the road again in the house
you find a piece of broken mirror and
grab it just in case
you've been walking for hours but the
river doesn't seem to be leading
anywhere
then you hear the most magical sound you
look up
a helicopter you need them to see you
but there's no time to start a fire
what can you do the helicopter is about
to fly off
five seconds quick
grab that piece of mirror you can
reflect the sun off it and try and
direct the light at the helicopter
yeah you've been spotted but you can't
be saved
no thunderclouds come out of nowhere and
force the helicopter to fly away
your best bet stay right where you are
that helicopter will come back for you
tomorrow
hopefully day 10 you wake up in a good
mood
the rescuers will be here soon you take
off your shoes to wash your feet in the
river
then a not so magical sound you hear a
growl
two wolves are staring down their noses
at you
you start running in a total panic the
wolves start to chase you
they're catching up there are three
paths up ahead
the first road is covered in hot coals
the second one is littered with rusty
nails
the third has broken glass all over it
which path are you going to choose
you have two seconds the wolves are
coming right up behind you
your best bet is the hot coals you're
running
which means you won't have time to feel
any pain it might get a little hot
but your feet will be safe the wolves
don't dare run through the coals
but they stay nearby great now the
rescuers won't know where to find you
wait a minute how did these three paths
appear in the forest anyway
people made them you're on the right
path civilization is near
yeah food water wi-fi
day 11 the helicopter appears in the sky
again you whip out your mirror and go to
town
the helicopter starts to fly down but it
can't land on your side of the river
the forest is too dense the rescuers are
waiting for you on the other side
quick three logs lie across the water
which one's safe to run across you have
10 seconds
so think carefully
[Music]
the first log looks old the river might
carry it away
at any moment the third log well it's a
crocodile
you need to cross the river on the
second log
you're saved next stop a cool ocean
breeze
but what you don't know yet is that
there's one more test
you'll be swept far out into the ocean
after you accidentally fall asleep on a
little boat you rented
but that's another story now let's check
out how well you did
zero to four points you better not go
camping without an experienced guide
hey don't worry survival in the wild
isn't for everyone
five to nine points not bad if you get
lost in the forest you won't panic
but things might get a bit hairy if you
have to stay out there for more than a
couple of days
10 to 12 points wildlife is your second
home
if things get really bad you could just
camp out in the woods forever
hey just never mind that part about
falling out of the plane without a
parachute